I'm a warrior Indian,
I go hunt in the woods.
When I come to this ridge,
I see the macaws fly.
Listen to this macaw singing
Its song is full of beauty!
And I am not a
É que eu não posso destruir
nature things
as coisas da nossa natureza
É que eu não posso destruir
Mr. President, give our lands back to us.
Senhor Presidente, devolva nossas terras.
Hey, give our lands back to us,
cause we're about to start a war.
Ô, devolva nossas terras,
que nós tamo em pé de guerra.
Hey, give our lands back to us,
cause we're about to start a war.
Ô, devolva nossas terras,
que nós tamo em pé de guerra.
Hey, give our lands back to us,
cause they belong to us.
Ô, devolva nossas terras
que essas terras nos pertencem.
Hey, give our lands back to us,
cause they belong to us...
Ô, devolva nossas terras
que essas terras nos pertencem...